1.Question 1
Multiple Linear Regression is appropriate for:


Predicting the sales amount based on month


Predicting whether a drug is effective for a patient based on her characterestics


Predicting tomorrow's rainfall amount based on the wind speed and temperature

Ans : Predicting tomorrow's rainfall amount based on the wind speed and temperature

2.Question 2
Which of the following is the meaning of "Out of Sample Accuracy" in the context of evaluation of models?


"Out of Sample Accuracy" is the percentage of correct predictions that the model makes on data that the model has NOT been trained on.


"Out of Sample Accuracy" is the accuracy of an overly trained model (which may captured noise and produced a non-generalized model)

Ans:"Out of Sample Accuracy" is the percentage of correct predictions that the model makes on data that the model has NOT been trained on.


3.Question 3
When should we use Multiple Linear Regression?


When we would like to identify the strength of the effect that the independent variables have on a dependent variable.


When there are multiple dependent variables


When we would like to predict impacts of changes in independent variables on a dependent variable.

Ans:When we would like to identify the strength of the effect that the independent variables have on a dependent variable.&
When we would like to predict impacts of changes in independent variables on a dependent variable.

4.Question 4
Which of the following statements are TRUE about Polynomial Regression?


Polynomial regression can use the same mechanism as Multiple Linear Regression to find the parameters.


Polynomial regression fits a curve line to your data.


Polynomial regression models can fit using the Least Squares method.

Ans:All 3

Which sentence is NOT TRUE about Non-linear Regression?


Nonlinear regression is a method to model non linear relationship between the dependent variable and a set of independent variables.


For a model to be considered non-linear, y must be a non-linear function of the parameters.


Non-linear regression must have more than one dependent variable.

Ans:Non-linear regression must have more than one dependent variable.
