Which one IS NOT a sample of classification problem?


To predict the category to which a customer belongs to.


To predict whether a customer switches to another provider/brand.


To predict the amount of money a customer will spend in one year.


To predict whether a customer responds to a particular advertising campaign or not.

Ans:To predict the amount of money a customer will spend in one year.


Which of the following statements are TRUE about Logistic Regression? (select all that apply)


Logistic regression can be used both for binary classification and multi-class classification


Logistic regression is analogous to linear regression but takes a categorical/discrete target field instead of a numeric one.


In logistic regression, the dependent variable is binary.

Ans: All 3


Which of the following examples is/are a sample application of Logistic Regression? (select all that apply)


The probability that a person has a heart attack within a specified time period using person's age and sex.


Customer's propensity to purchase a product or halt a subscription in marketing applications.


Likelihood of a homeowner defaulting on a mortgage.


Estimating the blood pressure of a patient based on her symptoms and biographical data.

Ans:1,2,3


Which one is TRUE about the kNN algorithm?


kNN is a classification algorithm that takes a bunch of unlabelled points and uses them to learn how to label other points.


kNN algorithm can be used to estimate values for a continuous target.

Ans:kNN algorithm can be used to estimate values for a continuous target.


5.Question 5
What is "information gain" in decision trees?


It is the information that can decrease the level of certainty after splitting in each node.


It is the entropy of a tree before split minus weighted entropy after split by an attribute.


It is the amount of information disorder, or the amount of randomness in each node.

Ans:  It is the entropy of a tree before split minus weighted entropy after split by an attribute.
